[6.5][NUI][ACR-436] Update document for Window (#3416) (#1512)
Samsung/tizen-docs: docs/application/dotnet/guides/nui/window.md

> If parent's window stack is changed by calling `Raise()` or `Lower()`, the child window is located on top of the parent again.
>

### Window type

> NUI window supports several window types. For the list of supported types, see [WindowType] (application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.WindowType.html).

Reviewer: Remove the space between the square bracket and normal brackets, otherwise it does not recognize as hyperlink
```suggestion
NUI window supports several window types. For the list of supported types, see [WindowType](application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.WindowType.html).
```

> If parent's window stack is changed by calling `Raise()` or `Lower()`, the child window is located on top of the parent again.
>

> ### Window Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Window type
```

Author: Thank you for detail review.
I will change that.

> NUI Window has serveral window types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NUI window supports several window types. For the list of supported types, see [WindowType] (application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.WindowType.html).
```

> The detail descrition is written in NUI Constants. See [WindowType] (application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.WindowType.html).

Reviewer: please remove this line

Reviewer: Line 319 is already included in 318.
So kindly remove LINE 319
The detail descrition is written in NUI Constants. See [WindowType] (application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.WindowType.html).

Author: Ah, Sorry. I removed line 319 and update patch.
Thank you for kindly review.

> In addition, we can set window type in NUIApplicatiion's constructor.

Reviewer: Is this a mandatory or an optional step?
```suggestion
You can also set the window type in the NUIApplication's constructor.
```

Author: It is optional.
But, if  application wants to use IME window, this constructor should be used.

For more information, see [NUIApplication](/application/dotnet/api/TizenFX/latest/api/Tizen.NUI.NUIApplication.html) API.

> Especially, it is only way to create an IME window.

Reviewer: When you create an application, to create an IME window you must set the window type as IME.
```suggestion
Especially, it is the only way to create an IME window.
```

> To create IME window, IME window type should be set when you create an application:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create the IME window,  you must set the IME window type when you create an application:
```

 ```csharp
 class MyImeApplication : NUIApplication {
     .
     .
     .
    static void Main(string[] args)
    {
        MyApplication myApp = new MyImeApplication("stylesheet", NUIApplication.WindowMode.Opaque, WindowType.Ime);
        myApp.Run(args);
    }
 }
 ```

> [!NOTE]

> > Window type can be chagned in runtime except for IME type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Window type can be changed in runtime except for the IME type.
```
